Many hours of beta-testing went into this game.  Over 30 bugswere found and fixed during that process.  However, some bugshave proven too difficult to fix and thus I chose to releasethe game with these bugs present. None of these bugs shouldsignificanly hamper game-play, and there are no known bugs leftat this point that could cause the game to crash.  Hopefully these remaining bugs will be fixed in a later release.Planet X16 Known Bugs----------------------When a gas refinery is destroyed, it reverts to a crater instead of a volcano, meaning you can't rebuild it.-Units can sometimes cross into the button area -Sometimes pressing SPACE doesn't take you to the correct geo- location where an attack occured.-Sometimes units stop and return to idle when they are between tile slots, making them hard to click on.-Sometimes the info window will have overlapping information-If the selected unit dies, the info window will say "NON- EXIST" but if you wait long enough without clicking on some- thing else, a new unit might end up filling the same unit#  spot, and weird things can occur.-Sometimes when constructing a building, the wrong building will appear, usually a gas refinery.  (If you figure out how to reproduce this on purpose, let me know!)Reporting a new bug---------------------Assuming you have the latest version of the game, and assumingthe bug you found isn't listed here, then you can report thebug to David Murray at DFWGREENCARS@GMAIL.COMPlanned Features---------------------There were many features that didn't make it into this versionof the game.  They may get added at a later date.  So, beforesending a feature request, see if your idea is already on thislist.-Pop up tool-tips when running mouse over button area including the hotkey, description, and resources required.-Display Commander X16 logo during load process-Addition of flying units for Humans and Protoids-The "giant bugs" will hunt down and eat minerals, unless you kill them.-Animated credits on the title screen-If a unit is under construction, the info screen will actually display the words "under construction"-Solar panels will show the total number of energy units made for that panel in the info window.-Solar panels to show "disconnected" in the info window if the power station is destroyed.-Radar station to have option for a full-screen hi-res scan-Protoids might send out smaller attacks with just a few units during the earlier time in the game.